today we're going to be taken
is very sharp tooth
kawasaki ninja 650r
the ninja 650 as far as a sport bikes go
it's probably one of the most
comfortable bikes to ride it is a 6 49
cc it's a two-cylinder so it's not you
know as jumpy as like a zx6r but it can
move you know got good power and
handling this bike is very clean it's a
sunbeam red and it actually looks very
good this one is all stock CL all the
pegs untacked very good your rear tire
it looks pretty much brand new this bike
only has right under 1,800 miles on it
so those are the original tires this
side is well very very clean engine
cover is not even a scratch on them and
I'm just closed up with a fairing here
it's just the pain is excellent i mean
it's like a mirror that's a
great-looking ninja 650 as you can hear
the engine runs great exactly how it
should sound
the gauges here
right there right under 1,800
nice and easy to read your gauges I'll
let you the motor for a second
that's exactly how it should sound those
spikes almost brand new so your levers
your bar ends your grips they're all all
in great shape no scuffs of any kind and
of course your gas tank and your seat in
perfect condition this ninja 650 is very
clean go ahead and go to our website app
probably almost 30 pictures of this bike
as well as the rest of our inventory at
our website ee direct motors com thank
you